hi my name is Ruben Suarez and I'm here
to show you what kind of techniques are
applied to Brazilian music I'm going to
show you today the way I've played some
so people call it different ways such as
push po technique open closed or down-up
technique basically it's a combination
of two movements first of all we need to
find the sweet spot of the stick just
like the molar motion so the first
movement you pull they stick with your
fingers pushing your tongue up like this
the second one you push down with your
tongue
relaxing your fingers so that's the
combination of movements and you're
doing there it looks like this so you
can start really slow practice it really
slow first and then you can do the
fastest one
for plain Samba I found that if we start
the technique upside down it looks a lot
better and it works a lot better
actually because when we are playing the
accent notes on the upbeats like this if
we're playing you'll hear the exit nodes
are when you're going to pull your
fingers because we have more power on
offering it on our fingers that we have
on our tongue and if you're dope this
way 1 2 3 4 you'll feel the exon zone on
what an end and if you do the opposite
way the way I do it
1 2 3 4 - you feel that the swing the
Samba swing comes a little a little
easier so to get dissemble swing we're
going to start upside down I'm gonna
play is really slow first so you can
feel that you can open the the hi-hat
with your leg from day on the upbeats
and that feels more like Brazilian music
using the tempering patter together with
the way to technique
you